[docs] Add `yb-ts-cli refresh_flags` command (#17332)
yugabyte/yugabyte-db: docs/content/preview/admin/yb-ts-cli.md

* [remote_bootstrap](#remote-bootstrap)
* [set_flag](#set-flag)
* [status](#status)

> * [refresh_flags](#refresh_flags)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [refresh_flags](#refresh-flags)
```

For an example, see [Return the status of a tablet server](#return-the-status-of-a-tablet-server)

##### refresh_flags

> Refresh flags that are loaded from the configuration file. Works on both yb-tserver (port 7100) & yb-master (port 9100) process. No parameters needed. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Refresh flags that are loaded from the configuration file. Works on both YB-Master (port 9100) and YB-TServer (port 7100) process. No parameters needed. 
```

> Each process needs to have this command issued, e.g. issuing this on one TServer won't update the GFlags on the other TServers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

Each process needs to have the following command issued, for example, issuing the command on one YB-TServer won't update the GFlags on the other YB-TServers.
```

**Syntax**

```sh
yb-ts-cli [ --server_address=<host>:<port> ] refresh_flags
```

> * *host*:*port*: The *host* and *port* of the yb-tablet/yb-master server. Default is `localhost:9100`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* *host*:*port*: The *host* and *port* of the YB-Master or YB-TServer. Default is `localhost:9100`.
```
